in the evening
the tambourine or talks galera beauty gamer
I'm John is fly we 're here is
one more video and the guys I'm here
An instructional video for you
is it still worth the xbox 360
Are the games still good, right?
kind of doubt that the crowd has then
for more information just watch the
good video and the first doubt that plagues
xbox buyers are with or without the
kinect or kinect is one of the great
xbox 360 and that without
doubt, but people think well how much
You'll use it to not regret it.
after
kinect is very good for children
who like to dance a lot
to jump or even to the family to
have fun with competitive games or
dancing to several songs together right
now for those who like action games
adventure or any other kind of
gender that is no longer childish or
dance will be disappointed with cnet
so think very well how much you're going
use it for of course do not spend money on
Good luck and the second doubt that
The most frequent is I buy xbox
unlocked or locked
this is a very frequent question for
who wants to get xbox 360
if you think about gas with
sure unlocked it would come out much more
Cheap but I ask you how far
compensates
no fake xbox to start
they are all unique to unlock
consists of a chip that modifies the console
to play the recorded games right
the goal was caught it is more expensive and has
less guarantee time, since the
The warranty he has is from the store you
and there is no guarantee for one year that the
microsoft gives to console caught is
that their official guarantee
when you buy the game unlocked and
always an unknown if it goes
because there are
to record a game and also if the media
was not of good quality the chance to give
problem is great and of course with the
original games in 1 million to give the
effect is really very difficult to
unlock always has updates that
they make games but we run into others
older ones stop picking you up
the others who had already broken
all
you become a real redone
technical assistance in addition to
always with all this to play
online is always a little risky
you never know when Microsoft does not
drop a banal wave and once
banned you never play online with
that console
another very frequent question of who
opt for the original xbox is how to get the
original games cheaper then
people talk about ending explaining only one
thing for you
locked xbox you say there are many
different games and buying a new
every week but to think of something
How much do you enjoy all this?
how many games have you already enjoyed
truths and went after the extra missions
you have extra content you generated from
other ways to see other endings
you have not seen it yet
well i bet almost no you do not
You need every game there is
xbox to satisfy your will to
play because certainly not everyone
you will like
nowadays we have a very
great new games much more
Cheap than buying a clear egg you
You can enjoy deals like natal
black friday in other ne
can also enter into various groups of
exchange and sale of games on social networks
and look for people in fewer games or
You can even change a game, you already have a
friend your saw is easy to play with the games
and enjoy the maximum of
each one
and if you are not sure if you
You'll really like that game.
each of us has the tool that
call youtube the best tool to
You research on a game there has to
everything keeps the game steroids up to the
game missions will have game track
There's going to be everything so it's not
sorry guys shop for new
take advantage of the promotions that you will have
a lot of game and it will play very well I have
sure and generally manuel's personal
connecting online is very difficult.
which was actually not difficult at all
world thinks that xbox live a bug
seven heads but it's actually okay
simple when you need a
internet of at least one megapixel but it is
It's even better if it was 10 mega
Up but merit already can play
one is less hotmail outlook that robs her there
and stayed at one of the serves and a 20
minutes left over to create an account
directly from your xbox is simply
put your data and put to
moving on is too easy
good guys the last doubt the video is
with or without hd buy xbox is a doubt
that plagues the future owners of xbox 360
and also a very simple thing to
most games and others need
install some graphics package
updates or even content
only the dlcs and its hd any of this
it's possible
other people with hd may be external
or just a thumb drive but not well
that's how it works
any external device that you
put on xbox
it will recognize up to 32
gigabytes
that is, if you put an external hd
a suit is one of those of samsung or
any other brand he will know
only 32 gigs
then the best option is to buy the hd
separately if you need it most
late you bought them on because you go
buy 13 60 new is very good you
I already met hd
Good people, that's it. I hope so.
enjoyed the video hope the
senate
You beauty on good so this is it if you
I like to leave it there and sign up for it.
channel and if possible do not enjoy the page
of joão is flick is there in the description of
video beauty bongar then this
thank you very much and thanks